Tonight we're supposed to have a conference at school, and when me and my mom get there, all the teachers are there at this big table, and I'm at the end of it like it's my birthday or something. Sister Agatha says that she didn't know that the barks was a real disease, and how she really did believe I was trying to get my classmates to laugh. That sorta' made me feel good, like she was the one in the hot seat — I love watching adults get in trouble almost as much as getting into trouble myself. But then all of them start apologizing to me, which is funny, because it's like a few weeks ago I was getting detentions for all the trouble I was causing, and was approaching the all-time record for detentions in the entire history of the school. I thought that was pretty cool, but my mom said that it wasn't something to be proud of, and that it wasn't like something I could put on my resume, whatever the hell that's supposed to mean. I'm still sort of embarrassed about having a disease and all that, and tell them that I don't know what they're talking about — that I didn't know anything about any "syndrome," all the while shaking my head even harder, hoping each time that they hadn't noticed the last jerk, though they're looking straight at me. Everyone starts staring real hard, like when I'm in trouble and they're trying to figure out how to get me to stop misbehaving. Only it's really bad this time, and I can't stop the noises and twitching, and my mom starts looking worried and tells me to settle down. I keep hitting my knee under the table and everyone looks down at the table popping up and down, and then I'm shaking my head back and forth like crazy, and barking, and Sister Agatha stops talking to my mom about what times I'm supposed to take the medicine at school. Everyone is looking back and forth between my mom and me, like they don't know what to do, and then Principal Cohen says that maybe my mom should take me home, but no one can hear him 'cause I'm barking so loud, and finally I kick the table so hard that everyone's coffee mugs dump over onto the table and people start getting up out of their seats. I finish it off like a real pro and start shaking all over like I've never shaked before, and end up falling right outta' my chair.